hello everybody yes I'm trying to go back
for the ballet semester
I'm going to try today is formal
to see if I 'm born that everything is that
I'm going to stay I just stole it from me
and I'm going to make a coke do a
exchange makes copies of ballet lins did
I know how to do it right yet but I 'm going to
straighten
So I'll show you a glass I make.
For you, the ballet is a glass that also gives
to make to use in the day to day the
hairstyle but I like to make bahia
so come on
first I'll separate this part of the
front
I'm going to leave this side here one
a little hair and here too a
little of mine
for the rest behind
I'm going to make a tail but my tail is high
I learned that in ballet people have to
make coke ponytail have to
stay here to give a beautiful line that
I learned a while ago I love you
here I will hold the hair has this
brings tail tailed more or less
Come on, good. I learned to stay.
bothering now let's go
after we made the tail people
will pick up and will split into three go
turn you guys to see and we'll make a
normal braid an ordinary braid to the
end of our hair so divided into
three and braid until the end
then just hold on for the kid
and I will arrest that I think quinho and that the
people are going to do it now we will give
one so released in France more
chubby dollar messed up in her
Now we're going to make the glass that
We will doing so rolling and now
We will learn with staples.
this part here we start to
to hide
and will hold what happens in getting well
firm on the head
who fit good movie so now
saying you can not leave this
little thread appearing if you could
hairstyle with the same hairstyle
but bullet it's good not to leave these
the others
so we'll find the threads
will arrest
then this is a coke option that stays
with the braid appearing here there is ballet
that do not let those who rule that
not much will appear or you will
You can put a ribbon around
Let's finish the front and the
front I'm going to get this average
here I'll roll up the roll
and I come back to roll her in the coke holding
the congress also provides for congress
because
now on this side
I'm going to roll too, but then you have
that see that the side that will get better
regular will roll here
and I'll learn what
underneath our good glass
learned here looks how the part of the
front
I like these my hair loose have
a place that can not be with that
I 'm just a little
a staple agent front also
You get a clamp pull apart here.
behind your group inside the coke in
can leave and appearing chile and
Hides
in those hours, clipping is never too much, right?
for everything cute little right
so it was like this and now in the
back
ballet you can infect with you
Do you want to put tape on you can?
put those files of flowers if
can put a so there on the steel there in the
Coke is not that I'm a big boy these
things then I will not put anything and
My first class I need to meet
but look how the result of our
coke
Good, I hope you have.
liked until the next kiss videos
bye